Your Majesty, just let him see it!
Can the emperor really turn someone into a dead rat?
Go ahead? Not for sale,
There is no breathing, which is death in the traditional sense.
Well, it's me. Force trace. Choose to sell during the cut.
This selection has been selected for sale for hundreds of years.
He is just here, so he can't choose to be empty.
His only intention was to die.
It's because the blood circulation of the injured group is not enough for me.
The blood circulation goes away on its own.
This is a coincidence
They sell gambling
No breathing either
It's because Weiruo is so stupid why he doesn't come out.
The semantic meaning of "I am fair for three generations"
Selling gambling in Weiruo
You can’t escape from my fingers either
Jade beads for the Lord
Already dead, someone is coming
Bring the square over
Wei Zhu Jade Bead Forbidden Lord
There is such a thing
Of course it's to take off the clothes of the Forbidden Lord of Jade Pearl or something.